com/boardactive/addrop/models/RegisteredUser.java
 com.boardactive.addrop.models.RegisteredUser
com/boardactive/addrop/activity/CustomActivity.java
 com.boardactive.addrop.activity.CustomActivity
 com.boardactive.addrop.activity.CustomActivity$1
 com.boardactive.addrop.activity.CustomActivity$2
 com.boardactive.addrop.activity.CustomActivity$3
 com.boardactive.addrop.activity.CustomActivity$4
 com.boardactive.addrop.activity.CustomActivity$5
 com.boardactive.addrop.activity.CustomActivity$6
com/boardactive/addrop/firebase/NotificationBuilder.java
 com.boardactive.addrop.firebase.NotificationBuilder
com/boardactive/addrop/models/OfferList.java
 com.boardactive.addrop.models.OfferList
com/boardactive/addrop/utils/ImageUtils.java
 com.boardactive.addrop.utils.ImageUtils
com/boardactive/addrop/adapter/AdapterMessages.java
 com.boardactive.addrop.adapter.AdapterMessages
 com.boardactive.addrop.adapter.AdapterMessages$1
 com.boardactive.addrop.adapter.AdapterMessages$2
 com.boardactive.addrop.adapter.AdapterMessages$OnItemClickListener
 com.boardactive.addrop.adapter.AdapterMessages$OnLoadMoreListener
 com.boardactive.addrop.adapter.AdapterMessages$OriginalViewHolder
 com.boardactive.addrop.adapter.AdapterMessages$ProgressViewHolder
com/boardactive/addrop/BAKitApp.java
 com.boardactive.addrop.BAKitApp
com/boardactive/addrop/utils/GeofenceBroadCastReceiver.java
 com.boardactive.addrop.utils.GeofenceBroadCastReceiver
com/boardactive/addrop/activity/DialogMessageActivity.java
 com.boardactive.addrop.activity.DialogMessageActivity
 com.boardactive.addrop.activity.DialogMessageActivity$1
 com.boardactive.addrop.activity.DialogMessageActivity$2
 com.boardactive.addrop.activity.DialogMessageActivity$3
com/boardactive/addrop/models/NotifType.java
 com.boardactive.addrop.models.NotifType
com/boardactive/addrop/room/table/MessageEntity.java
 com.boardactive.addrop.room.table.MessageEntity
com/boardactive/addrop/utils/LocationService.java
 com.boardactive.addrop.utils.LocationService
 com.boardactive.addrop.utils.LocationService$LocalBinder
com/boardactive/addrop/models/MessageData.java
 com.boardactive.addrop.models.MessageData
 com.boardactive.addrop.models.MessageData$1
com/boardactive/addrop/activity/AppIdActivity.java
 com.boardactive.addrop.activity.AppIdActivity
 com.boardactive.addrop.activity.AppIdActivity$1
com/boardactive/addrop/utils/NetworkCheck.java
 com.boardactive.addrop.utils.NetworkCheck
com/boardactive/addrop/activity/MessagesActivity.java
 com.boardactive.addrop.activity.MessagesActivity
 com.boardactive.addrop.activity.MessagesActivity$1
 com.boardactive.addrop.activity.MessagesActivity$1$1
 com.boardactive.addrop.activity.MessagesActivity$2
 com.boardactive.addrop.activity.MessagesActivity$3
 com.boardactive.addrop.activity.MessagesActivity$4
 com.boardactive.addrop.activity.MessagesActivity$5
 com.boardactive.addrop.activity.MessagesActivity$6
 com.boardactive.addrop.activity.MessagesActivity$7
 com.boardactive.addrop.activity.MessagesActivity$8
 com.boardactive.addrop.activity.MessagesActivity$9
com/boardactive/addrop/firebase/FCMWorker.java
 com.boardactive.addrop.firebase.FCMWorker
com/boardactive/addrop/activity/MessageActivity.java
 com.boardactive.addrop.activity.MessageActivity
 com.boardactive.addrop.activity.MessageActivity$1
 com.boardactive.addrop.activity.MessageActivity$2
 com.boardactive.addrop.activity.MessageActivity$3
 com.boardactive.addrop.activity.MessageActivity$4
 com.boardactive.addrop.activity.MessageActivity$5
 com.boardactive.addrop.activity.MessageActivity$6
 com.boardactive.addrop.activity.MessageActivity$7
 com.boardactive.addrop.activity.MessageActivity$8
 com.boardactive.addrop.activity.MessageActivity$9
com/boardactive/addrop/utils/Tools.java
 com.boardactive.addrop.utils.Tools
 com.boardactive.addrop.utils.Tools$1
 com.boardactive.addrop.utils.Tools$2
com/boardactive/addrop/activity/MainActivity.java
 com.boardactive.addrop.activity.MainActivity
 com.boardactive.addrop.activity.MainActivity$1
 com.boardactive.addrop.activity.MainActivity$2
 com.boardactive.addrop.activity.MainActivity$3
 com.boardactive.addrop.activity.MainActivity$4
 com.boardactive.addrop.activity.MainActivity$5
 com.boardactive.addrop.activity.MainActivity$5$1
 com.boardactive.addrop.activity.MainActivity$6
 com.boardactive.addrop.activity.MainActivity$7
 com.boardactive.addrop.activity.MainActivity$8
com/boardactive/addrop/models/Custom.java
 com.boardactive.addrop.models.Custom
com/boardactive/addrop/activity/DisplayImageActivity.java
 com.boardactive.addrop.activity.DisplayImageActivity
 com.boardactive.addrop.activity.DisplayImageActivity$1
 com.boardactive.addrop.activity.DisplayImageActivity$2
 com.boardactive.addrop.activity.DisplayImageActivity$3
 com.boardactive.addrop.activity.DisplayImageActivity$4
 com.boardactive.addrop.activity.NotificationBuilder
com/boardactive/addrop/firebase/FCMService.java
 com.boardactive.addrop.firebase.FCMService
 com.boardactive.addrop.firebase.FCMService$1
com/boardactive/addrop/activity/ActivityWebView.java
 com.boardactive.addrop.activity.ActivityWebView
 com.boardactive.addrop.activity.ActivityWebView$1
 com.boardactive.addrop.activity.ActivityWebView$2
com/boardactive/addrop/BuildConfig.java
 com.boardactive.addrop.BuildConfig
com/boardactive/addrop/activity/UserActivity.java
 com.boardactive.addrop.activity.UserActivity
 com.boardactive.addrop.activity.UserActivity$1
 com.boardactive.addrop.activity.UserActivity$2
 com.boardactive.addrop.activity.UserActivity$3
 com.boardactive.addrop.activity.UserActivity$4
 com.boardactive.addrop.activity.UserActivity$5
 com.boardactive.addrop.activity.UserActivity$6
com/boardactive/addrop/room/AppDatabase.java
 com.boardactive.addrop.room.AppDatabase
com/boardactive/addrop/room/MessageDAO.java
 com.boardactive.addrop.room.MessageDAO
